# Sk_bioinf_final_project
A repository with all the intermediate data of my final project  for the Bioinformatics in Skoltech
CPS.ipynb - the script that I used to do almost all the work. It is not extremely well commented, but at least all the cells have a brief description of what they do.
data - a folder with the data
nth_operon.txt - brief description of all genes instide nth operon
all_proteins.fasta - not particularly good name, but the file contains all the GENE sequences from 3.fasta (genes are inferred from prokka annotation). The file is generated by CPS. 
all_proteins_tranlsated.fasta - also generated by CPS, translation into amino acids of all_proteins.fasta. Was needed for Batch-CD submission.
Tablen.csv - a table number n, used in the report. Generated by CPS.
conserved_domains.tsv - Batch-CD output.
Candidates_for_HGT_GC_content.csv - genes with most deviant GC-content. Generated by CPS.
Hypothetical_proteins_annotation_batch_CD.txt - description of domains found by Batch-CD in every gene. Includes only genes annotated as hypothetical proteins by prokka.
Prokka_annotated_proteins_annotation_batch_CD.txt - the same, but for the rest of the genes.Report.odt
journal.txt - the file describing all the commands I used and submissions I've made, exept for those included in CPS.
CDS folder - contains all_proteins.fasta, but all the genes are in different files. Needed for blast search.
blast_out - actually, blastn output
tblastx_out - tblastx output, non surprisingly.
TMHMM - contains the html page outputted by TMHMM.
tRNAs_aragorn, barrnap - contain the empty files. Because these tools haven't found anything. Haha. 
annotation_prokka - contain all the prokka output
